README.md, before:

# HMGNN
This is code for our WWWJ paper《HMGCL: Heterogeneous Multigraph Contrastive Learning for LBSN Friend Recommendation》


Before to execute *HMGCL*, it is necessary to install the following packages:
<br/>
``pip install dgl``
<br/>
``pip install torch``
<br/>
``pip install scikit-learn``

## Requirements

- numpy ==1.13.1
- torch ==1.7.1
- scikit-learn==1.0.2
- dgl ==0.7.2

### Data Set


You can download whole [raw Foursquare Dataset](https://sites.google.com/site/yangdingqi/home/foursquare-dataset) here.

Our data can be found at [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/12MR5w8VnaJ1Rag918_U3Cy4ocGxKBIaf?usp=sharing).

### Basic Usage
 
- --run  main.py to train the HMGCL. and it probably need at least 11G GPU memory 
- --run  test.py to estimate the performance of HMGCL based on the user representations that we learned during our experiments. You can also use this code to individually test the effects of your own learned representation.

### Miscellaneous

*Note:* This is only a reference implementation of *HMGCL*. Our code implementation is partially based on the DGL library, for which we are grateful.

Commit message:

add support to latest DGL

README.md, after:

# HMGNN
This is code for our WWWJ paper《HMGCL: Heterogeneous Multigraph Contrastive Learning for LBSN Friend Recommendation》


Before to execute *HMGCL*, it is necessary to install the following packages:
<br/>
``pip install dgl``
<br/>
``pip install torch``
<br/>
``pip install scikit-learn``

## Requirements

- numpy ==1.13.1
- torch ==1.7.1
- scikit-learn==1.0.2
- dgl ==0.7.2

【September 11, 2024】The modified code now supports the latest versions of torch and DGL.

### Data Set


You can download whole [raw Foursquare Dataset](https://sites.google.com/site/yangdingqi/home/foursquare-dataset) here.

Our data can be found at [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/12MR5w8VnaJ1Rag918_U3Cy4ocGxKBIaf?usp=sharing).

### Basic Usage
 
- --run  main.py to train the HMGCL. and it probably need at least 11G GPU memory 
- --run  test.py to estimate the performance of HMGCL based on the user representations that we learned during our experiments. You can also use this code to individually test the effects of your own learned representation.

### Miscellaneous

*Note:* This is only a reference implementation of *HMGCL*. Our code implementation is partially based on the DGL library, for which we are grateful.
